### Modify fstab

#### Task

On ServerB, copy the file “/etc/fstab” to “/var/tmp”, then do the following:

a. Configure the permissions of “/var/tmp/fstab” so that the file “/var/tmp/fstab” is owned by the root user, belongs to the group root, and should not be executable by anyone.

b. The user stewart can read & write “/var/tmp/fstab”.

c. The user kevin can neither write nor read “/var/tmp/fstab”.

<details><summary>Solution</summary>

1. To make a copy of the /etc/fstab file and store it in the /var/tmp directory, run:
```
# cp /etc/fstab /var/tmp
```
2. To change the current working directory to the directory “/var/tmp", run:
```
# cd /var/tmp
```
3. To change the owner and group ownership of the file fstab to the root user and the root group respectively, run:
```
# chown root:root fstab
```
<details><summary> Notes </summary>
Note that
    Changing the ownership of the /etc/fstab file to root:root is a common security practice as it helps ensure that only the root user can modify the file, which is important as the /etc/fstab file contains critical information about the file systems that are mounted automatically during system startup.
</details>

4. To remove executable permission from the file "fstab", run:
```
# chmod a-x fstab
```
The "a-x" option means removing execute permission for all users (owner, group, and others). This command makes the "fstab" file read-only, which can be useful for preventing accidental modification or deletion of the file by unauthorized users.

5. To set an ACL for the file fstab and grant read and write (rw-) permissions to the user stewart, run:
```
# setfacl -m u:stewart:rw- fstab
```
The -m option specifies that a new ACL is being added to the file, and u stands for the user entry.

6. To remove read, write, and execute permissions for the user kevin on the file fstab, run:
```
# setfacl -m u:kevin:--- fstab
```
The option -m stands for modify, u for user, and --- sets the permission to none.

7. To verify, run:
```
# getfacl fstab 
```

</details>